LICENSE
-------

This program and object code is being provided to "you", the licensee,
by Michael Binder, the "author",  under  the following license, which
applies to any  program, object code or other   work which contains  a
notice placed  by  the copyright holder saying  it  may be distributed
under the terms of this license.   The "program", below, refers to any
such program, object code or work.

By obtaining,  using and/or copying  this program, you  agree that you
have   read,  understood,  and   will  comply   with  these  terms and
conditions:

Terms and conditions for the distribution of the program
--------------------------------------------------------

This program may not be sold or incorporated into any product which is
sold without prior permission from the author.

When no  charge is made, this  program  may be copied  and distributed
freely, provided that   this notice  is  copied  and distributed  with
it. Each time you redistribute  the program (or any  work based on the
program), the recipient   automatically receives  a license from   the
original  licensor to copy or distribute  the program subject to these
terms and conditions.  You may  not impose any further restrictions on
the recipients' exercise of   the rights granted  herein. You  are not
responsible for enforcing compliance by third parties to this License.

If you wish to incorporate the program  into other free programs whose
distribution conditions are different, write to  the author to ask for
permission.

If, as   a consequence of a   court judgment  or  allegation of patent
infringement or  for any other reason  (not limited to patent issues),
conditions are imposed  on you (whether  by court order,  agreement or
otherwise) that contradict the conditions of this license, they do not
excuse   you from the   conditions  of this  license.    If you cannot
distribute so as to satisfy simultaneously your obligations under this
license and any other pertinent obligations, then as a consequence you
may   not distribute the  program at  all.    For example, if a patent
license would not permit royalty-free redistribution of the program by
all those who receive copies directly or  indirectly through you, then
the only way you  could satisfy both it and  this license would be  to
refrain entirely from distribution of the program.

Terms and conditions on the use of the program
----------------------------------------------

Permission  is  granted   to use  this   software  for non-commercial,
non-military purposes.

Disclaimer
----------

THIS  SOFTWARE CARRIES NO   WARRANTY, EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED.  THE  USER
ASSUMES ALL RISKS, KNOWN OR UNKNOWN, DIRECT OR INDIRECT, WHICH INVOLVE
THIS SOFTWARE IN ANY WAY. IN PARTICULAR, THE  AUTHOR DOES NOT TAKE ANY
COMMITMENT IN VIEW OF ANY POSSIBLE THIRD PARTY RIGHTS.

